America and Monstropolis are facing increasingly short supplies of energy. With strict regulation of the energy production industry, we will not, and cannot, overcome this crisis. Our current method of collecting energy, sending our elite Scarers into dangerous, foreign situations, is struggling to meet the daily quotas. In fact, the quotas are only met once per week, leading to mass energy shortages.
<br><br>But there’s another way. A safer way. A more efficient way. Bringing the children into our factories and extracting the screams using our ever-advancing technology. By doing so, we will have no need to change our infrastructure, and can still meet our daily quotas. All it requires is for a child to be brought into our world; this would be done by a specialized HAZMAT team. Through various precautions, including those already in effect at the factory in case of escape by a child, we can guarantee that no child shall ever escape. Ever. Once they have had their screams extracted, we simply replace them into their room, and move onto the next door. 
<br><br>Undoubtedly, other parties may support the harnessing of so-called “laughter” energy. But what is laughter energy? What are its effects? Does it cause mutations? Can it harm our scarers? Shall we continue putting these brave Monsters in unnecessary danger? No. Laughter is an untested source of energy that would require our scarers to stay in bedrooms for longer. Now is not the time to experiment with the untested, especially as the effects of it have been demonstrated on our electrical grid once before, and caused power outages followed by rippling surges.
<br><br>Now is the time for overhauling what currently exists. For improving upon the tried-and-true. To perfect our current system. Our crisis does not call for experimentation that may or may not yield the results we want, while endangering our Scarers and our power grid even further. We support strongly the repeal of any regulation on the handling of scream-based energy collection; we support making America scary again.
